# Client Meeting on 11/19/2019

## Meeting Start Time

**2019/11/18/2:50** 

## Meeting End Time

 **2019/11/18/3:30** 

## Location

Book Arts Collaborative

## Present

Dr.Peterson, Jordyn, Michael, Chris, Edith

## Minute Recorder

Edith

## Topics Discussed

During this meeting we presented the client with iteration 1. At the start of the meeting we wanted to be able to show the client how that software would run on their computer but ran into an issue since the macs they have did not have Java Jk 11. The tech person they had join in the meeting let us know he would install the software onto the macs himself at a later date. Due to this slight hiccup we proceeded to show how the software worked on Chris's computer. We began by running the software and showing Dr.Peterson what each button did. Once eveything was explained we had her use the software to see if she could create an employee, clock him in and out, create and event, and have the employee attend the event. Everything ran smoothly although we had to help guide her through some things. During this testing she gave us comments on what she liked, what she though needed to change, and what else she would like added. Overall the meeting went well and they said it was exactly what they asked for even the way we named the program. It solved the problems they were having and thought it was magic how we were able to create this. They plan to use this software we have created as a test on 3 to 4 students to see how it would work long term and see if they have anymore issues with it. They plan to let us know if anything comes up or if they need help installing it on their machine. 


## Things Clarified

The plan based on what was talked during the meeting is to fix the bug of the manage events button, and add a way to change how many points an employee has accumulated if the points dont add up, and to add a confirmation to the attend events button to let them know they have signed in for the event. The plan is also to move forward with the iteration 2 plan that was already talked about.
